{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf390
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 README.rtf\
\

\b IMPORTANT
\b0  - do not use Xcode to generate the Core Data model - if you do you will have hundreds of errors and have to restore all the data model source.  See the section below on database\
\
This is a very standard Xcode project except for the user of mogenerator to create the classes representing the Core Data entities.  This allows custom business logic to be embedded in the class files without fear of the code being wiped out when the models change.\
\

\b GENERAL NOTES
\b0 \
\

\b LOCALIZATION and I18N
\b0 \
\
All strings are either NSLocalizedString enclosed or editable in Interface Builder.  There may be a few places where the layout is too tight for languages like German and Spanish that use more characters than US English.  The app makes no use of Currency.\
\
\

\b CODING PRACTICES
\b0 \
\
The build properties are set to flag all compiler warnings and run the static analyzer with every build.  The app compiles with no warnings.  This is an extremely conservative setting, but I strongly recommend you keep the settings.  The app also has almost no memory leaks beyond those in Apple's Framework, and it was run under Profile (a.k.a. Instruments) on at least a daily basis.\
\
The app is well commented throughout.  There was some effort to include Doxygen style code blocks, however time did not permit full implementation.\
\

\b DATABASE MAINTENANCE
\b0 \
\
The app uses Core Data and a version comment has been added.\
\
DO NOT use the built-in "Editor" tool to created the NSManagedObject subclasses - download and use mogenerator instead.\
\
modgenerator implements to generation-gap design pattern to create an intermediate class file.  The entity is represented by a Class file prepended with an underscore '_', but you reference the normal entity name in the code.  For example, if you have an entity Foo in the model, mogenerator will create  _Foo.h, _Foo.m as well as Foo.h and Foo.m, which subclass _Foo.  Subsequent invocations of mogenerator WILL NOT overwrite the Foo.h or Foo.m files.\
\
\
\
At the terminal invoke mogenerator navigate to KOResume/KOResume-iPhone:\
    mogenerator -m Classes/KOResume.xcdatamodeld/KOResume.xcdatamodel  -O Classes\
\
}